and parents man they got to stop putting
their kids on video we got to stop it's
enough you say that but there's a little
kid that's like six years old that
reviews toys and he makes twenty million
dollars you really in there
twenty million dollars eating Disney
toys just looking at toys
I'm sure bucks I'll open up a box of you
know toys I'll do it hundred beans
that's it
nobody wants to see you open up I'm not
a baby but I'm gonna find something else
they've want to see little cute kids
I'll dress up in a in a diaper
what house this not gonna help oh fuck
I'm gonna find another gotta find
another thing to make money angle yeah
that kid is making a lot of gonna be the
YouTube toy guy there's a lady who does
it with just her hands a girl's woman
what does she do with her hand she opens
things up
same thing beautiful hands I don't know
if they're beautiful I don't throw her
feet out and start using the very facts
what I gotta do yeah I'm gonna open
children's toys on my feet is that weird
no you should do it you should do it and
see which one gets better views do it
with you with painted toenails and doing
you with kind of like neglected toe no
I'm saying like what little chips in
your paint you know this sadder than a
neglected toenail that it's also kind of
hot because it's kind of chick they'll
take some chances like she's like bitch
she doesn't even have her toenails in
order she lives she'll move with you
across the country she's crying that's
what she do enter into a bank-robbing
skiing with you she's not taking care of
herself
she's got chipped toenails first that's
a bitch who puts people first toenail
check just can't get it together some
people just never quite get it together
right yeah and then you see their toes
and it's a reflection of their own
downfalls they're their own worst enemy
or they have a job yeah that's you busy
- busy mom with a job and a couple of
kids who's got time to do nails then
unless you you know you're a rich wife
yourself you're doing yourself